[Text Analytics] Improve healthcare samples (#19248)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-net: sdk/textanalytics/Azure.AI.TextAnalytics/samples/Sample_RecognizeHealthcareEntities.md

# Recognizing Healthcare Entities from Documents

> This sample demonstrates how to recognize healthcare entities in one or more document. To get started you will need a Text Analytics endpoint and credentials. See [README][README] for links and instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample demonstrates how to recognize healthcare entities in one or more documents. To get started you will need a Text Analytics endpoint and credentials. See [README][README] for links and instructions.
```

var client = new TextAnalyticsClient(new Uri(endpoint), new AzureKeyCredential(apiKey));
```

## Recognizing healthcare entities in multiple documents

> To recognize healthcare entities in multiple documents, call `StartHealthcareBatchAsync` on an `IEnumerable` of strings.  The result is a Long Running operation of type `HealthcareOperation` which polls for the results from the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To recognize healthcare entities in multiple documents, call `StartAnalyzeHealthcareEntities` on an `IEnumerable` of strings.  The result is a Long Running operation of type `AnalyzeHealthcareEntitiesOperation` which polls for the results from the API.
```
